I have a question that I have,
which is a curiosity.
In general, after the exit, as you
have told me, in almost every occasion
the founders, entrepreneurs
have to be a few years in the
company, and it is your current
case.
What is done afterwards?
We are talking about young people
who have earned money, etc.
In your experience and in the people
around you, similar cases, what
is usually done?
Well, I think entrepreneurs
are like race, a special
race, so I think the real
entrepreneur can't normally
be on a beach taking
the sun.
That Miguel Vicente told us, I think after
the purchase of the Edgebone or something
like that, he wanted to take
a month of vacation and went
back to the week.
Yes, that happens.
That depends, it is very personal
and depends on the vital goal of each
and the personal situation of each,
because maybe one wants to spend
more time with his family and
his children, wants to travel and
has the opportunity to do so.
I see that it usually happens that
maybe they take a while to disconnect,
because they have invested a lot
of energy and a little to decompress,
but then they come back with
the desire to start sometimes
a new project.
And also what happens is that
they also usually invest as Business
Angels, a little is give back,
return to society what you
have given.
So, if you have gone well, then
how can I return some of the good
that has gone to me and help
other entrepreneurs and continue
to create, not directly,
but also help other
companies.
That can be contributing capital
because you may invest or advice,
mentoring.
Yes, there are usually two figures,
one that turns a lot of their
time into another project and
others that what they do is
create a backdrop or vehicle.
Sometimes with their confundator and
other times not, in which they invest
as Business Angels or as a small
venture capital in different
entrepreneurial projects
it is more expensive, because
the experience allows you to add
a lot of value to those
younger people projects, etc.
And, in the end, do you think
the entrepreneur usually has
this goal?
What do you think is the main engine
that drives you on a daily basis?
Is this this?
Is it exit?
Is it the one you sell your
company for a lot of money?
No, I don't think it's usually
the case in most entrepreneurs,
of course it's not so
in our case.
I think entrepreneurs like
to solve problems,
we like to build things
and there's an emotional
motivation behind it.
And you build something because
you usually have a mission or purpose.
And when you make money, it is
important, because it is very
hard to undertake and most
projects fail.
Then there must be a good reward
for entrepreneurs
who want to risk everything,
their career, their
wealth, etc.
If there is no potential reward
for that, we't have entrepreneurs.
But, I don't think, that's
not the main reason.
That is, money comes because one
builds, evaluates and creates things,
just the vital energy that moves
entrepreneurs is another
thing.
That mission, that is what you want to.
Money is the consequence.
Effectively all entrepreneurs
know that there is the possibility
of exit, that probably
one day will come or not
come.
But what really moves you on a daily
basis is that your product is getting
better, that your customers
are getting more valuable,
etc.
And if you do that well and don't
let yourself be stunned by singing
out of the sirens and stories of
those, then it will come.
Of course, every business exists
for something.
In the end, that's to help,
to serve people, to solve a
problem, to make life easier,
whatever it is.
And I think that the beautiful thing is
the entrepreneur, that you create value
by helping other people.
And creating jobs and paying
taxes along the way.
It is very satisfactory.
I want to finish, I'll give you
two things.
First, congratulations on your
career, on what you have achieved
and on the successes that are
ahead of you.
Second, thank you very much for
coming here and sharing it with us.
Thank you very much, it is a pleasure.